I am using this with a Nook HD+. It works as described. The HD picture on my Samsung 52 inch TV is excellent. Samsung is a Korea brand.
The cable is very wobbly and sometimes disconnects itself. The price is completely unfair and only works with the Nook HD and HD+.
This adaptor is real easy to setup and use right out of the box. I had not problem with it at all, it is well worth the purchase. I recommend this adaptor very much for viewing your Nook videos on your HDTV. I just disagree with other reviews on the length of the adaptor, I found it to be fairly adequate as to how and where it is connected to my TV. For me it was just right not too long or too short, I was able to place my Nook right below the connection on the TV stand, it did not fall or anything else, it is fine. Use your own judgement, I'm too busy watching my movies :)
This adapter easily connects my Nook HD 7 inch to my HDTV through the HDMI cable.  This is good for traveling because it makes any hotel TV a potential smart TV so long as there is an accessible HDMI port.  It is also good for sharing photos from FB on a bigger screen. A bit pricey, but a good accessory to have.  Be sure to note that this is ONLY for the Nook HD and HD+ series.  It will not work with a standard Nook.
bought for a spare for my 9 inch Nook HD and it fit perfectly.  Very satisfied with the price much less than on the BN site
This is a good beefy 2 amp charger, but it covers two outlets on a power strip. It is ok in a regular wall outlet. The best thing is it uses a standard USB connector so it can charge more than just a Nook (I have a Kindle Fire HD+).
I lost my BN original cable.  I looked around for an new one.  I tried  a different, cheaper model but it didn't fit my device properly so back to the drawing board.  I ordered this one.  I am satisfied.  It works exactly as expected and fits perfectly.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a spare or in lieu of the original usb cable adapter.
It does 2A and charges a DEAD Nook in a few hours. It does so with a LOT of heat, compared to most wall worts. I have a dual charger where 1 port is 2.1A and the other is 1A for total output of 3.1A that doesn't run as hot as this. And i use that to power a raspberry pi to avoid needing a powered hubIt does the job adequately as it's designed to. Just hot. I would always unplug it if not using (even though it cools off) because of the amount of heat made. The nook hd+ runs hot too right where you hold it on the left side in portrait, but not so much when charging. I guess it's better to have it at the plug.
Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32 inch monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.
I used this for my 47 inch Samsung. Its fit and feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.I am very pleased with my purchase.